# InventoryManagement
An inventory/store management system to handle billing and monitor product in and out of the inventory.
Also allows different access privileges to staff and owner using cookie sessions. 

Staff Privileges:
1. Manage Products: Add, Update or delete products.
2. Issue Product: Process with billing.
3. View Products going to go out of stock by setting a quantity limit.
4. View Products going to expire.
5. View Invoices.

Owner Privileges:
1. Kickoff a staff session by disconnecting his/her current session.
2. Manage Staff : Add, Update or delete Staff from the platform.
3. Issue Product
4. View Top selling Products.
5. View Staff Requests.
6. View Invoices.

Guest Privileges: Same as Owner Privileges, just login with your email.

Admin Privileges:
1. Create Organisation.
2. Create Owner for Existing Organisation.
3. Delete Owners,Organisations.

Each Page provides following features.


OwnerHome:
Check staff which are currently online,disconnect if required.
Check User Logs showing Sign in and Sign out entries with date and time stamps.

StaffHome:
Check Products going to expire/already expired in the current month.
Check Products with quantity less than 5.

Issue Product:
Issue Product with ProductID and from available quantity in stock.
Issue Product by scanning QR code containing 7 digit string of ProductID.
Eg- ProductID-1 corresponds to a QR code with string "0000001".
Barcode to PC server installation required for both phone and PC version to issue via QR code.
Generate Invoice images which can be printed by provided options.
Invoices generated by using HTML2CANVAS JS, and stored as DataURL as text in database.

View Invoices:
View already generated invoices and print as required.

Profile:
Show user information and change password.

Other Security Features:
Cookie session enabled check on each page, once logged in URL to index page automatically redirects to home page.
Once logged out URLs other than index cannot be accessed.

